{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17480\viewh6400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 CODE INSTRUCTION
\b0 \
To run the code, please use Spyder IDE (version 2.3.8 for mac OS, https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder/releases/tag/v2.3.8) with attached custom sklearn library (modified v0.18) to replace the sklearn library  in the Spyder IDE folder (Spyder-Py2.app/Contents/Resources/lib/python2.7). \
\

\b DOCUMENT INSTRUCTION
\b0 \
The 
\i zxie66
\i0  folder includes the following subfolders or document:\
1. 
\i Dataset
\i0  folder includes two datasets for this analysis - 
\i voice.csv
\i0 \
2. 
\i Code
\i0  folder contains one python document: \

\i CADRAnalysis.py
\i0  - this document includes code to generate results and graphs for the analysis.\
The python code was written with the Spyder IDE (version 2.3.8) on mac OS X El Capitan (version 10.11.4). The version of python is Python 2.7.10. The following libraries were used to support the code: a). pandas (version 0.17.1), b). matplotlib (version1.5.0), c). numpy (version 1.10.1), d). sklearn (version 0.18 with edits to 
\i random_projection.py
\i0  class). NOTE: the random projection algorithm may generate some infinite values which could terminate the program. In that case, please re-run the program to make it works.\CocoaLigature0 \
}