{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green38\blue41;\red43\green39\blue19;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17480\viewh6400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 INSTRUCTIONS\

\b0\fs24 Zhihui Xie\
GTID: 903179287\
GT account: zxie66\
Georgia Institute of Technology, CSC 7461: Machine Learning\
Email: zxie66@gatech.edu\
\

\b CODE INSTRUCTION
\b0 \
To run the code, please use Spyder IDE (version 2.3.8 for mac OS, https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder/releases/tag/v2.3.8) with attached custom sklearn library (merged version of 0.17, 0.18 dev, 0.19 dev versions) to replace the sklearn library  in the Spyder IDE folder (Spyder-Py2.app/Contents/Resources/lib/python2.7). Please keep all subfolders (including 
\i Code
\i0  folder, 
\i Dataset
\i0  folder and 
\i Figures
\i0  folder) in the 
\i zxie66
\i0  folder to run the program.\
\

\b DOCUMENT INSTRUCTION
\b0 \
The 
\i zxie66
\i0  folder includes the following subfolders or document:\
1. 
\i Dataset
\i0  folder includes two datasets for this analysis - 
\i voice.csv
\i0  and 
\i EEG data.csv
\i0 \
2. 
\i Code
\i0  folder contains two python documents: \
1) 
\i DataAnalysis.py
\i0  - this document includes code to generate two figures for feature analysis for two datasets, and to compute the basic information of datasets.\
2) 
\i ClassifierAnalysis.py
\i0  - this document includes code to generate learning curves and validation curves, and to search the optimize parameters for each classifier.\
The python code was written with the Spyder IDE (version 2.3.8) on mac OS X El Capitan (version 10.11.4). The version of python is Python 2.7.10. The following libraries were used to support the code: a). pandas (version 0.17.1), b). seaborn (version 0.6.0), c). matplotlib (version1.5.0), d). numpy (version 1.10.1), e). sklearn (version 0.17, 0.18 dev for tree class, 0.19 dev for neural network, svm and neighbors classes), the merged sklearn was included in the 
\i zxie66
\i0  folder.\
NOTE for sklearn: because some new features such as tree pruning are not included in the old 0.17 version, the custom sklearn library was created. The latest dev 0.18 and 0.19 versions of sklearn was downloaded from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn}}. To install the new class, please follow the following steps with mac terminal:  1). install pip on mac using command 
\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
sudo easy_install pip
\i0 \cf3 , 2). install cytho\cf0 n by running 
\i csh sudo pip install cython,
\i0 \cf4  3). direct to the class folder and convert .pyx to .c by running 
\i cython -a xx.pyx
\i0 , 4). direct to the class folder run 
\i python setup.py install
\i0  \
3. 
\i Figures
\i0  folder includes all figures generated by the code in the \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  
\i Code
\i0  folder.\
4. 
\i sklearn
\i0  folder - modified sklearn library (merged version of 0.17, 0.18 dev, 0.19 dev versions).\
5. 
\i zxie66-analysis.pdf 
\i0 document- a pdf document with analyses and interpretations for the results generated by the code in the 
\i Code
\i0  folder.\
6. 
\i README.txt
\i0  document- a document with instructions for documents and to run code. \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl286\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \
}
